Create a new quickstart (#208)
ethyca/fides: docs/fides/docs/getting_started/quickstart.md

# Quickstart 

With Fides you can enforce your organization's privacy policy in every pull request and merge. Learn the basics of working with Fide's CLI (`fidesctl`) locally with this quickstart guide.

## Prerequisites

1. Install `make`. We recommend installing `make` with these guides but you can use other resources.
  - For Mac, see [Homebrew's `make` formulae](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/make)
  - For Windows, see this [`make` installation guide](http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/make.htm)

2. Install a version of `docker` that includes support for `docker-compose`. We recommend installing [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) for Mac and Windows. For more information about Docker Compose, see "[Overview of Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/)" on the Docker docs site.

## Step 1: Clone the [Fidesctl repo](https://github.com/ethyca/fides)

1. Clone the [Fidesctl repo](https://github.com/ethyca/fides).

```bash
$ git clone git@github.com:ethyca/fides.git                 

> > Cloning into 'fides'...

Author: Not sure if the `>` render right with your docs site. 🤔

To build the interactive shell where you can run `fidesctl` CLI commands, run `make cli` from your fides directory. The first time you run `make cli` in your Fides repository, it may take around 3 minutes to build. 

You're ready to run `fidesctl` CLI commands once you see the `fidesctl#` prompt.

```bash
$ make cli
Build the images required in the docker-compose file...
...
Building fidesapi
...
Building fidesctl
...
Building docs
...
root@1a742083cedf:/fides/fidesctl#
```

## Step 3: Initialize `fidesctl` CLI

Now you're ready to build the required images, spin up the database, and run other initialization scripts with the `fidesctl init-db` command.

```bash
$ ~/fides/fidesctl# fidesctl init-db
> INFO  [alembic.runtime.migration] Context impl PostgresqlImpl.
> INFO  [alembic.runtime.migration] Will assume transactional DDL.
```

## Step 4: Confirm your `fidesctl` CLI can reach the server

To confirm that `fidesctl` can reach the server and everything is ready to go, run `fidesctl ping`.

```bash
root@796cfde906f1:/fides/fidesctl# fidesctl ping
Pinging http://fidesctl:8080/health...
{
  "data": {
    "message": "Fides service is healthy!"
  }
}
```

> ## Step 5: Review the example files.

Author: I'd love a better term here then "example files."

I think this step is a great opportunity for a diagram and sharing a mental model of how these files describe the system and data model for an organization.

The fides repository you cloned includes a set of example files in the `fides/fidesctl/demo_resources` directory written in YAML and using the [Fides configuration syntax](/language/syntax/) and [Fides Taxonomy](/tutorial/taxonomy/).

> These files represent your organization's privacy polcy, relevant data, registry, and system configuration. 

Author: It would be great to fine tune this line.

> - `demo_dataset.yml` 

Author: Ideally, this list could include a description of each file at a high level and how they might relate. (Or a diagram can show their relationships and include an explanation underneath it.)

- `demo_policy.yml`
- `demo_registry.yml`
- `demo_system.yml`

To take a closer look at the privacy policy example, run `cat demo_resources/demo_policy.yml`. 

> The `demo_policy.yml` has one rule: if any system uses contact information for marketing purposes, then a failure action will result.

Author: I don't think this wording quite works and  "failure action will result" is too vague. 

Ideally, this line would be more specific about how the failure works. I presume the `fidesctl` CLI reports a privacy policy failure or maybe there's a better way to frame this?

```

> policy:

Author: We could add notes to this policy for what it's worth.

  - fides_key: demo_privacy_policy
    name: Demo Privacy Policy
    description: The main privacy policy for the organization.
    rules:
      - fides_key: reject_direct_marketing
        name: Reject Direct Marketing
        description: Disallow collecting any user contact info to use for marketing.
        data_categories:
          inclusion: ANY
          values:
            - user.provided.identifiable.contact
        data_uses:
          inclusion: ANY
          values:
            - advertising
        data_subjects:
          inclusion: ANY
          values:
            - customer
        data_qualifier: aggregated.anonymized.unlinked_pseudonymized.pseudonymized.identified
        action: REJECT
```

## Step 6: Test the privacy policy

> To ensure that your `demo_analytics_system` and `demo_marketing_system` files that describe your demo systems are complaint with your privacy policy, run `fidesctl evaluate demo_resources/`. 

Author: This original line doesn't make sense! 

```suggestion
To ensure that your systems are compliant with your privacy policy, you can run the `fidesctl evaluate` command. In this example, `fidesctl` will check that the systems described in your `demo_system.yml` file do not use contact information for marketing purposes.
```
